FOR CORRELATED FORECAST OF A GROUP OF COUNTRIES

My notes:

I think the way into this codestuff is through multicountry0hmd0.m or maybe multicountry0hmd.m.
Then tag to the code that is important.

Useful thing to find all the places that some of the coherent data goes:  `grep -i -n -e '.*bxkt.*' *`

The code is interrelated in all sorts of weird ways, and often uses the filesystem to store
intermediate results, results that I would have stored in variables.  I need to draw a picture of a
typical coherent (or what he calls multicountry) process.

I think I need to trace multicountry0hmd.m.

**** 
email 2006-10-11
Hi, Webb: 

I am not sure if I understand the problem, I since heard from you last time everything was fine. 

The data for the two sexes of Sweden are in the folder ‘Sweden’, which I resend, with all others, in the zipped file. 

The way I do for the paper is as follows ( there are too many data for all the tables, so I don't  copy and paste them): 

Set the path of Matlab as .. \SendBerkeleyCoherentLC. 

TWO SEX TO BE RUN AT MATLAB PROMPT:

The Bxkt for two-sex case is produced by running 

>> group0s 

To get Figure 1 and Table 1, run 

>> group1s 



MULTICOUNTRY TO BE RUN AT MATLAB PROMPT:
To produce the common factor Bx and Kt (saved as BXKT) for the group of countries and Tables 2-6, run 

>> multicountry1hmd 

To produce Table 7, run 

>> multicountry0hmd 

To produce Figures 2-8, run 

>> multicountry0hmd0 

END

If these are not what you need, you may call me at (212)963-7535. Hope things go well with you. 

Nan 

****
Li Nan's notes (ahem) with my additions:

mortGO.m -- stuff for "general" LC on a single group; includes code for missing data, resampling on
bx, and probably other stuff that I haven't been to figure out.

multicountry2GCS.m - Non-div forecasts with specific factor.
multicountry2GC.m - Non-div forecasts without specific factor.
multicountry2S.m - Separate forecast(ordinary LC).

multisfact.m -- make specific factor for Fig3.  This code is actually
a function call which returns a projected kt and an empirical kt with
bx bbased on an input of the collective Bx and Kt

multicountry0hmd.m - main code and pictures using HMD, calls
multicountry0hmd0.m - make pictures

multicountry1hmd.m - make a group, for HMD
multicountry1hmdG.m - test whether non-group members can be non-divergently forecasted with the group, for HMD

group0.m - organize data and determine whether or not in a group.  I think this takes multiple
datasets and creates the intermediate files for bx etc; this is one of the programs that does this,
Swedenfor a very specific run (I think scandinavian countries).  Good example?

group1.m-forecasting

group0s.m - organize data and determine whether or not in a group, for 2 sexes
group1s.m-forecasting, for 2 sexes

